1	രാജു എവിടെ 
	രാജുവും രാധയും പൂന്തോട്ടത്തിലാണ്  ഉള്ളത് .  ഇന്ന്  നല്ല കാലാവസ്ഥയാണ് , ഇന്ന് നല്ല ചൂടാണ്  .  പക്ഷെ   ഇന്നലെ നല്ല തണുപ്പായിരുന്നു!  . അവര്‍ ക്ക് പുറത്തു കളിയ്ക്കാന്‍  കഴിഞ്ഞുരുന്നില്ല . രാജുവിനും രാധയ്കും കളിയ്ക്കാന്‍  ഇഷ്ടമാണ്  , അവരെപോഴും വീടിനു മുമ്പിലുള്ള പൂന്തോട്ടത്തിലാണ് കളിക്കാറുള്ളത് 
3	രാമന്‍ ഒരു ചെറിയ ആണ്‍ കുട്ടിയാണ്   അവനു ആറു വയസ്സാനു പ്രായം . ചെ, she is five years old. James has a small dog, the dog is also in the garden now. The dog likes to play with the two children. The dog is very happy now.
4	Does Mary also have a dog? No, Mary does not have a dog, she has a cat. But the cat is in the house, the cat is sleeping.
5	Their mother is inside the house with the cat, she looks through the window and sees James and Mary playing. James quickly runs to a big old tree, he is hiding from Mary. Do you know why? Mary is sitting and has her hands in front of her eyes. She can't see anything and she is counting. Why does she do that? And what is James doing near the tree?
6	It is a game. When Mary has finished counting she looks around. She is searching for James: where did he go? Did you see him?
7	Mary does not know where James is. She asks the dog: "Did you see James?". But the dog can not speak of course! So Mary gets no answer to her question. People never get an answer when they speak to dogs!
8	Mary looks at her mother behind the window, her mother is laughing. Mary thinks that she has seen where James went: "Tell me where he is!", she says to her mother. "No Mary, I can't tell you!", she replies. Although she probably knows where he is, she does not want to tell.
9	Mary slowly walks through the garden. She is still trying to find James. She looks under the table and under the chairs, but James is not there. She looks everywhere but she can not find James.
10	Then she hears a sound, it is coming from behind the big old tree. Could that be James? There is the sound again! She listens carefully. It is not a bird or another animal. She can hear it well now. It must be James!
11	Then she also sees a little hand and when she walks closer she also sees his head! She laughs and says: "I found you!". They are both happy and go to the house, it is time to eat something and drink some water!

